README.md, before:

# REST API for scheduling system

This project is an application that provides an API for handling a scheduling system

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine
 for development and testing purposes.
See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

* Python 3.6+
* Postgre 10+
* Heroku free account


### Installing

A step by step series to get a development env running

Clone de project
```
$ git clone https://github.com/cnlenzc/sistema-de-agendamento.git
```

Create a Python virtualenv and install dependencies from Pipfile
```
$ cd sistema-de-agendamento
$ pipenv install --dev
$ pipenv shell
```

Create the database on Postgres
```
database name: db_age
user: u_age
password: pwd123
```

Set environment variables by create .env file
```
cp .env_dev .env
```
Example of sistema-deagendamento/.env file:
```
DEBUG=True
WEB_CONCURRENCY=2
DATABASE_URL='postgresql://u_age:pwd123@localhost:5432/db_age'
SECRET_KEY=")z*j%sx=d3zq9h_m-ovw-hq!p2()yzg!ydft_+smpw=#n(l0h*"
```

Create the database objects
```
$ python manage.py migrate
```

## Running the automatic tests

How to run the automated tests for this system
```
$ python manage.py test
```
Result
```
Loading .env File
Creating test database for alias 'default'...
System check identified no issues (0 silenced).
.............
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 13 tests in 0.159s

OK
Destroying test database for alias 'default'...
```

## Running on local web server
```
$ python manage.py runserver
  para usar o server: WSGIServer/0.2 CPython/3.6.4
    ou 
$ heroku local
  para usar o server: gunicorn/19.7.1
```
Abra o browser com url
http://localhost:8000/agendamento/ (WSGIServer)
 ou
http://localhost:5000/agendamento/ (gunicorn)


## Using the API
You can use the API by internet with these URL

###### API Documentation
https://sistema-de-agendamento-lenz.herokuapp.com/docs

###### Hello World page
https://sistema-de-agendamento-lenz.herokuapp.com

###### Lista Agendamentos
https://sistema-de-agendamento-lenz.herokuapp.com/agendamento/


### Coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Not yet implemented
```

## Deployment by heroku

How to deploy this on a live system
```
    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Added a file"
    $ heroku login
        Enter your Heroku credentials…
    $ heroku create
        Creating app... done, ⬢ nameless-fortress-70834
        https://nameless-fortress-70834.herokuapp.com/ | https://git.heroku.com/nameless-fortress-70834.git
    $ git push heroku master
        -----> Python app detected
        -----> Launching... done, v7
    $ heroku run python proj_age/manage.py migrate
    $ heroku config:set DEBUG=False
    $ heroku config:set SECRET_KEY=')z*j%sx=d3zq9h_m-ovw-hq!p2()yzg!ydft_+smpw=#n(l0h*'
```

## Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org) - The programming language used
* [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com) - The web framework used
* [Django Rest Framework](http://www.django-rest-framework.org) - The API REST framework used
* [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/documentation/) - The SQL DataBase used
* [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/python) - Used to deploy and cloud

## Contributing

Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

```
Not yet implemented
```

## Authors

* **Carlos Neves Lenz Cesar** - *Initial work*

## License

Not yet implemented

## Acknowledgments

* Heroku Docs
* Rest Django Framework Docs
* Django Docs
* You, who have read this document to the end

Commit message:

add code style check with flake8

README.md, after:

# REST API for scheduling system

This project is an application that provides an API for handling a scheduling system

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine
 for development and testing purposes.
See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

* Python 3.6+
* Postgre 10+
* Heroku free account


### Installing

A step by step series to get a development env running

Clone de project
```
$ git clone https://github.com/cnlenzc/sistema-de-agendamento.git
```

Create a Python virtualenv and install dependencies from Pipfile
```
$ cd sistema-de-agendamento
$ pipenv install --dev
$ pipenv shell
```

Create the database on Postgres
```
database name: db_age
user: u_age
password: pwd123
```

Set environment variables by create .env file
```
cp .env_dev .env
```
Example of sistema-deagendamento/.env file:
```
DEBUG=True
WEB_CONCURRENCY=2
DATABASE_URL='postgresql://u_age:pwd123@localhost:5432/db_age'
SECRET_KEY=")z*j%sx=d3zq9h_m-ovw-hq!p2()yzg!ydft_+smpw=#n(l0h*"
```

Create the database objects
```
$ python manage.py migrate
```

## Running the automatic tests

How to run the automated tests for this system
```
$ python manage.py test
```
Result
```
Loading .env File
Creating test database for alias 'default'...
System check identified no issues (0 silenced).
.............
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 13 tests in 0.159s

OK
Destroying test database for alias 'default'...
```

## Running on local web server
```
$ python manage.py runserver
  para usar o server: WSGIServer/0.2 CPython/3.6.4
    ou 
$ heroku local
  para usar o server: gunicorn/19.7.1
```
Abra o browser com url
http://localhost:8000/agendamento/ (WSGIServer)
 ou
http://localhost:5000/agendamento/ (gunicorn)


## Using the API
You can use the API by internet with these URL

###### API Documentation
https://sistema-de-agendamento-lenz.herokuapp.com/docs

###### Hello World page
https://sistema-de-agendamento-lenz.herokuapp.com

###### Lista Agendamentos
https://sistema-de-agendamento-lenz.herokuapp.com/agendamento/


### Coding style tests

Using flake8 to check the coding style

```
$ flake8 . --exclude ./proj_age/app_age/migrations/
```

The flake 8 checks:
	source files for errors (pyflakes).
	style conventions in PEP 8 (pycodestyle).
	code complexity (mccabe).

## Deployment by heroku

How to deploy this on a live system
```
    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Added a file"
    $ heroku login
        Enter your Heroku credentials…
    $ heroku create
        Creating app... done, ⬢ nameless-fortress-70834
        https://nameless-fortress-70834.herokuapp.com/ | https://git.heroku.com/nameless-fortress-70834.git
    $ git push heroku master
        -----> Python app detected
        -----> Launching... done, v7
    $ heroku run python proj_age/manage.py migrate
    $ heroku config:set DEBUG=False
    $ heroku config:set SECRET_KEY=')z*j%sx=d3zq9h_m-ovw-hq!p2()yzg!ydft_+smpw=#n(l0h*'
```

## Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org) - The programming language used
* [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com) - The web framework used
* [Django Rest Framework](http://www.django-rest-framework.org) - The API REST framework used
* [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/documentation/) - The SQL DataBase used
* [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/python) - Used to deploy and cloud

## Contributing

Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

```
Not yet implemented
```

## Authors

* **Carlos Neves Lenz Cesar** - *Initial work*

## License

Not yet implemented

## Acknowledgments

* Heroku Docs
* Rest Django Framework Docs
* Django Docs
* You, who have read this document to the end
